No. Bubs.
I mean. there's gotta be rules
or else things get fucked up.
Ain't no rules
for dope fiends.
When the police
got you shackled up.
you make
a move. right?
You help
yourself out.
But you just start
snitchin' for no reason...
it doesn't make no--
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
let me track this.
You hypopulatin' that you can
tattle-tale when you locked up.
but you can't do it
straight up for the money?
I mean. no offense.
son. but...
that some
weak-ass thinkin'.
You equivocatin'
like a motherfuck.
Okay. so a snitch
is a snitch. right?
There you go.
So why be one. man?
I mean. we gettin'
by with our capers.
We gettin' by out here
every damn day.
rippin' and runnin' and ain't
got shit to show for it.
It's part of
being a soldier?
I mean. that's true. right.
that's what you says.
That was 'fore I put all
this mileage on these feet.
You wait. you wait.
till you ain't a pup no more.
see if you ain't lookin'
for somethin' a little more.
a little more steady
for your ownself.
What the fuck?
You gettin'
ill already.
It's not even
past morning.
I'm cool. man.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Look. we hook up with
my girl Kima. we get paid.
you gonna
be better.
Fuck that. Bubs.
all right?
I'm not
a fuckin' snitch.
You know I could
argue the other side.
Say that if you drop dime
to duck a charge.
then you a snitch.
You do it as a living.
you a professional.
Hold up. hold up.
hold up. hold up.
You see that.
that ladder right there.
Just like old
times. man.
I'll be the bad guy.
you be the lone ranger.
Leave that man be.
We get paid more
hooking up to my girl.
But that's cash money
right there.
With the white man.
I best be the bad guy.
That way
he ain't confused.
All right. meet me
in the alley.
Fuck.
Yo. mister.
Yo.
Throw down your wallet. or I'm
a jerk this ladder right out.
What?
No. no!
I'm a poor man
who ain't playin'.
Throw down
the goddamn money.
No. please.
ahh. okay.
Hey. hey. leave
that man alone.
( coughing )
Thank you.
He's crazy. man.
What's that
guy doing?
Oh. shit.
Here. here.
I can't. I can't.
No. you saved my ass.
It's appreciated
you know.
Yo. Bubs.
You won't fuckin'
believe this.
Bubs?
( phone rings )
* When you walk
through the garden *
* You gotta
watch your back *
* Well. I beg
your pardon *
* Walk the straight
and narrow track *
* If you walk
with Jesus *
* He's gonna
save your soul *
* You gotta
keep the devil *
* Way down
in the hole *
* He's got the fire
and the fury *
* At his command *
* Well. you don't
have to worry *
* If you hold onto
Jesus' hand *
* We'll all be safe
from Satan *
* When the thunder rolls *
* We just gotta
keep the devil *
* Way down
in the hole *
* You gotta
keep the devil *
* Way down
in the hole *
* We just gotta
keep the devil *
* Way down
in the hole *
( door opening )
Dennis. you up?
Dennis?
Ma. hey.
Guess you're not
workin' today. huh?
I'm workin'
nights now.
At a bar.
Workin' the door.
You know. it's just 'til I find
somethin' a little bit better.
Yeah. huh.
Reminds me.
Your friend called
again this morning.
She said for you
to remember your appointment.
Says there's a job in it.
if you still lookin'.
( chattering )
So. Marlo. right?
He got this one boy
watchin' his back.
name be Chris Partlow.
Bartlow with a "b"?
Part. like white people
got in their hair.
And low. like
a low-bottom dope fiend.
Partlow.
Yeah. what I said.
So. he's Marlo's muscle?
( phone beeps )
- So--
How much is
that worth?
Five. if I can
work up a photo ID.
The boy. Fruit.
he used that.
Fruit who runs
one of Marlo's corners?
Careful.
it's got prints.
Prints. huh?
Look at you. gettin' all
C.S.I. on me and shit.
A burner with prints.
That's gotta mean
cash money. right?
If I can pull a print.
get Fruit ID'd.
I can go to ten.
And if I show you where
Marlo hides his Mercedes?
The Benz would
go for 15.
You don't know it. but these
are hard times in a hard land.
You killin' me
out here. girl.
All right.
25 for the Benz.
You good peoples.
So let's total up.
we at. um. 40. right?
Here.
Bank that for me.
Bank it?
For what?
Got me a plan. girl.
The hoppers out here.
they only be wearin' them
big white t-shirts
a couple of times
'fore they chuck 'em.
So I'm thinkin' while I'm out
here workin' for y'all.
I'ma get my ends up. sell 'em
shirts on the corners.
I'll make my nut
comin' and goin'.
( laughing )
( banging )
( chattering )
Truthfully. I don't know
what more you could have done.
Charlie's right.
boss.
You tried.
Fuckin' hoodleheads
won't cooperate.
Here you are. giving 'em
their own block or two.
offering them a place
to sell drugs in peace.
and do they even
fuckin' listen?
It's a damn shame. too.
'cause if it worked.
you might have had a positive
effect on the community.
Female on intercom:
Shift commander
call the front desk.
You guys are some
lying sacks of shit.
I'm sayin'. sir--
I'm guessin'
that you
have some thoughts on where
we should go from here.
Well. sir. we were thinkin'
a modified zebra operation.
Jumpouts rotating
from sector-to-sector.
combined with a zero
tolerance approach.
We detail a couple
of men from each shift.
build a flex unit.
double up on the head-knocking
and corner-clearing.
More of the same.
you mean.
But better.
Better?
Better than nothing.
Ah. fuck this
bullshit already!
Man. they gave us
15 cases of legal.
but they shorted us
on the colored bonds...
what's going on there?
( bell rings )
Oh.
I got this.
Officer.
Detective. String.
You remember?
Bird trial.
Detective McNulty.
You want something
copied. man?
Search warrant?
Court papers?
Anything I do
to help. you know?
I ain't seen you
around the way.
I'm not around
the way no more.
You wanna find me.
I'm right here.
Right here. huh?
Uh-huh.
This and some real estate
I'm workin' on is all.
You know?
More than enough
to occupy me. really.
Say where you
livin'. man?
Where am I living?
Well. if you thinkin'
of comin' downtown.
I got some condos about to come
on the line in eight months.
You say the word. I'ma hook you
up something nice down there
by the Hippodrome.
Loft apartments.
Real nice.
You disappoint me.
String.
I had such fuckin'
hopes for us.
Have a nice day.
Officer.
( bell rings )
You see this shit?
Remember that kid
who got shot in the parking lot
at Lake Clifton
a couple months back?
Drug feud. right?
What about it?
Well. last night. they just
found the only eyewitness.
In an alleyway.
bunch of holes in him.
And?
What do you mean.
"and?"
You're talking about
a state's witness.
You let a witness get killed in
a high-profile case like this.
it says the city's
broke and can't be fixed.
Uh-oh. sounds like
we found an issue.
Fuck the politics
for a minute.
You know. this is
something we all need
to be on the same
page with.
I'm serious. Tony.
You let shit
like this stand.
pretty soon you
got nothing left.
You gonna go public
and bang the mayor with it?
You gonna bang Burrell
and the state's attorney then?
I ain't gonna
bang nobody.
Like I said.
fuck the politics for once.
But there is
a problem here
and I'm gonna do
something to fix it.
You want your cape
and the little
red underpants?
Or you stash that shit
in the phone booth?
( giggling )
I always wondered
about that.
Man.
I like
a piece of that.
You'd like
any piece at all.
I think I'd like
a piece of your mother.
Yo. stop
fuckin' around!
He started
that shit.
Yo. she got our boy
with his nose wide open.
He's stealing from us.
and she most likely
the reason for it.
And y'all stay
with the girl.
she'll soon enough
show us the money.
Hey. where you goin'?
Yo. I got something
I got to do.
You supposed to be here
on this shit with us.
Y'all stay
with the girl.
I'll get back
with y'all down the way.
Say what?
Yo. I made a date
a while back.
Gotta keep it.
Man made a date.
gotta keep it.
( laughing )
Wait till we find out
he pussy-whipped
like this motherfucker
over here.
Now. once again.
from the data:
when are most
cars stolen?
Sir. at night.
And your unit.
which I believe is
charged with deterring
the theft of autos.
when do you work?
The day shift.
eight-to-four.
But sir. as I tried
to explain--
Your position is clear:
you affect more
arrests of car thieves
during the daylight
than at night.
You see.
our ears work.
( laughing )
We heard you.
But the question becomes:
why the fuck can't you hear us?
Sir. I don't--
the commissioner is attempting
to move this department
from the dark ages
into the 21st century.
That means
preventing crime
by relying on computer
generated data.
not on your
fly-by-your-fucked-up-ass
instinct.
Give me the auto theft numbers
for downtown parking lots
on Friday nights.
Sir. I have
to check that.
Where are we
with the gun?
Colonel. I was
made to understand
that recovering
Officer Dozerman's
lost weapon
was a priority.
Oh. the gun. yes.
we're on it. sir.
Making progress
as we speak.
Lieutenant?
Sir. I now understand that
prevention is the way to go
and will immediately change
our hours to reflect the data.
All right. lieutenant.
Fecal gravity.
Hey. you beat
on the right people
and the shit
rolls down the hill.
Dennis is it?
Cutty works for me.
Cutty then.
So. um. it's just
gonna be us here?
You know...
I mean. Grace.
Sister Grace
called on your behalf.
but to my knowledge.
she didn't plan to be here.
She's a beautiful woman.
A man might say things
he didn't mean to stand closer
to a woman like that.
You're in the job market
though. I understand.
A couple of questions.
You got a high
school diploma?
GED?
Any work experience?
I worked in a warehouse
for a couple of months
back in like '86.
How do you see
the church helping you?
Maybe give me
some jobs or...
put my name on a list
or somethin'.
I dunno.
I should tell you up front.
we don't do like that here.
You want a job. you're gonna
have to work to get it.
We'll help.
But it's gonna
be your sweat.
With that said. then.
the first thing is to get you
enrolled in a GED Program...
Look. I don't mean
to put you out.
but this...
this ain't how I thought
it was gonna play.
( coughing )
Me. Oscar. a bunch
of the guys.
we seen it.
Couldn't help it.
They practically
ran right past us.
And the victim.
the girl...
had a gun?
Whose side
was she on?
Couldn't tell. it weren't
doin' slow motion.
Did any of them
have a big scar?
Do you think you'd
be able to recognize
any of them again
if you saw them?
Just Omar.
So. you know Omar?
Omar came up
'round here.
That's good.
Bruiser. very good.
You do know Omar
has a scar. right?
He do?
I think we better go to my
office. put this down on paper.
Come on.
( honking )
Officer.
Excuse me. Officer?
Is this...
North and Pulaski?
'cause I could
fucking swear
Dozerman was shot up
at North and Pulaski.
Oh. no. no.
wait. wait. let me guess.
the pursuit of your fellow
officer's service weapon
has led you
to this fine citizen.
Tell me. kind sir.
do you know the whereabouts
of said
officer's weapon?
I didn't think so.
Calls from
the detention center.
Some kind souls
begging to assist you
in your foundering
investigation.
( laughing )
Let me just grand jury
my man here.
Lock in his story.
Now for the gun.
Later for his story.
And that's your
Sergeant talking.
( coughing )
Yo. wipe your nose. yo.
What the fuck...
Oh shit!
Motherfucker.
you scared the shit
out of us coming up
like that.
Shit do make you
paranoid. yo.
G'head. nigga.
hit this shit.
Naw. man. I gotta
drop urine tomorrow.
Yo. you worried
about that?
Go ahead. nigga.
We got that covered.
Oh. you got
that covered.
What?
You think you're the only
motherfucker on parole?
Yo. nigger.
gimme that shit.
There you go.
All right.
What was her day?
She caught a hack up
to Townson Town Mall.
Hit two jewelry stores and
came back with bags from both.
By the time she
caught up with our boy.
she was wearin' one of them
shits around her neck.
Gave the other
one to him.
You know.
his and hers. like.
Yeah. Cutty.
She was on that
shit. man.
It's been
a week. McNulty.
Either you got something
on Stringer or you don't.
He tried
to sell me a condo.
Cocksucker.
Might as well
join the rotary.
Take up golf
or some shit.
He's runnin'
with the hounds.
though I'll bet his heart
is still with the fox.
Stringer's
out of the game?
Mr. Bell has
become the bank.
The bank?
The bank
plays it legit:
he generates a good
bit of honest income.
But at the same time.
his money finances packages that
he himself will never touch.
He won't go
near the street.
He's insulated
from the every day
operations
on the corners.
The money that comes back
is then laundered through
enough straight
business investments
that there's no way
to trace it.
A player gets
to that point.
there ain't no way
in hell a working police
is going to tie
a can to his tail.
Oh. man.
So. Kintel Williamson.
the prince of Pimlico.
Where we at
on this mope?
DNR's on a couple
of payphones.
( rap music )
That got it?
All right.
You gonna help
or what. boy?
Might as well not
even take a whistle
if all I'm doin' is
standin' in the fuckin' alley!
Back's where
you belong.
That'a way I ain't
got to be worryin'
'bout gettin' my damn
head blown off
'cause you all
scared and shit.
Omar:
Enough!
You all hear me.
I said enough?!
Come over and put some pumpkin
balls in this shotgun. man.
Kimmy!
Both of y'all learn to live
with it or y'all out. man.
Now. this time
we gonna do it right.
Y'all feel me?
Boss. you gotta
let this go.
It ain't gonna work.
You said it in Comstat:
shit rolls down.
Now. we tried to talk
to all the hoppers.
what the hell can they
do about anything?
We need to bring
it to the dealers.
Sergeant.
I need a list of names of
all the mid-level dealers
running my corners.
Sir?
You're my DEU
Sergeant. right?
I need a list
of names.
Maybe narcotics downtown has
something like that. I dunno.
We're knocking heads.
taking bodies.
I didn't know I was supposed
to be doin' a census or nothing.
Hey. yo. miss.
Miss?
Where the pee-pot at?
Thanks.
Come on. this way.
Yo. my man you need
to drop a negative.
Five dollars.
Motherfucker.
they was just two.
You try findin'
clean piss in Baltimore.
Five a go.
Yo. how I know
it's clean?
I get mine
from day care...
I need you to put the chicken
in the oven at 375.
Yes. and after
you've done that.
I need you to help me
put your sister down--
Excuse me. Miss.
Put your thumb
on the scanner.
Hold on a second.
What's your name?
Wise. Dennis Wise.
Take one of those.
Go around the corner
to the second door.
No. you can
not go outside.
Are you listening
to what I'm saying?
That's all we got
on the Westside dealers.
George...
I'm lookin' at a sprinklin'
of rap sheets here.
You tellin' me nobody
in this department
knows who controls the West
Baltimore corners anymore?
Hey. Rawls has my people
doing street rips.
You want
up-to-date info.
you should try
the intelligence unit.
Shit. they sent me
to you. George.
What the fuck
can I tell you?
With all
the street work.
there ain't nobody left
doin' high-end drug stuff.
From what
I'm hearing.
the guy comes in
of his own accord.
and he gets
betrayed by us.
Protection in this city
amounts to nothing
more than getting dumped
in a fleabag joint on Route 40
and calling it a plan.
No monitoring.
no assistance.
Nothing just a bundle of
clothes and a toothbrush.
Jesus.
No way to treat
a cooperator.
I know someone could
get a lot of mileage
out of this
with the press.
But fuck that. right?
Because if I go that way.
then everyone gets defensive
and nothing gets fixed.
I'm coming to you
with this straight-up.
Agreed.
Where do we stand
on this?
You've already called
for a meeting on this
with the state's attorney
and the police commissioner.
It's penciled in
for next Wednesday.
No. no. Tommy's right on this.
we need to act quickly.
I'm glad you
came to us with this.
I'll light a fire.
believe me.
Thanks.
Ah. you will keep me
in the loop on this?
Absolutely.
councilman.
Hey. slow up. girlfriend.
we need to talk for a minute.
Yeah. sweet thing.
We met before?
No. baby.
but that can happen.
We ain't met.
excuse me.
Hey. it's
just talk. baby.
Get the fuck out. boy.
Look. girl. all we need
for you to do is talk--
is you deaf or just
stone stupid?
Hold on. girl...
Whoa!
Now. we gonna talk.
How the fuck
is this little
runt of a unit
holding all this
drug intelligence?
I made the rounds
down at headquarters.
came up with jack.
and you're holding all this?
Well. you run
a couple wiretaps
you fill up a file
cabinet pretty fast.
This is great.
thanks.
Oh. shit!
Goddamnit.
I heard this was
where you landed.
This pretty boy?
I broke his ass in.
I wrote more on I.I.D.
Complaints
on bushy top here
than on the whole
goddamn squad.
That is 'til
he scuffed himself up.
Now where you at.
McNulty?
1911 South Clinton street.
first floor.
There you go.
( laughing )
Yeah.
I know you got to keep him
close. but still.
some good goddamn
police right here.
So what brings
you to our shop?
I'm tryin' to find out
who running my corners.
My own DEU is just
about street rips
and headquarters
wasn't no help neither.
Y'all saved
my ass. though.
You tell him
about your boy...
Marlo?
It's in the files.
along with every other
mid-level player we know.
Daniels:
You don't
mind me asking.
What're you gonna do
with all that. major?
Well...
round up these young men
and put a little Comstat
on their ass.
Gentlemen.
Ma'am.
Bushy top.
( laughing )
Bushy top?
Male:
Uh. point of order
and shit.
Chair recognize the esteemed rep
of the Veronica Avenue boys.
All right. look. we done
talked this shit to death.
All right?
When we gonna vote?
Rick do have a point.
Stringer:
All right. then.
All those in favor
of goin' together
so we can get the best
discount on a New York package.
raise up.
All right then.
There it is.
Look like we gonna
make more money...
together.
Got to say I'm proud
of y'all for puttin' aside
petty grievances and
puttin' this thing together.
For a cold-ass
crew of gangsters.
y'all carried it like
Republicans and shit.
Yo. remember. man.
talk this shit up when
you hit them bricks.
Best way to get more
involved is to tell people
about the benefits
of this here thing.
No beefing.
No drama.
Just business.
Anybody got a problem
with anybody else here.
we bring it
to the group.
We ain't gotta take it
to the streets.
All right.
Let's do it.
Yo.
Motherfucker.
what is that?
Them Robert rules say
we gotta have minutes
for a meeting.
right?
These the minutes.
Nigga. is you takin' notes on
a criminal fucking conspiracy?
What the fuck
is you thinkin'. man?
That's cool.
Dad. he's cheating.
Michael. take it easy
on your brother.
How are you two gettin' along
with Mom's new friend?
We call him Dennis.
he's not new.
Okay. how are you
doin' with him?
Mom said we can't talk
to you about family stuff.
Dad. you goin'
to the open house?
Yeah. I'll try.
but I've been real busy
at work though.
New case and all.
Mom says you
have to go. Dad.
Yeah. all the other kids'
fathers are gonna be there.
( grunting )
Get his legs.
( moaning )
Ahh!
Steal from us.
motherfucker?
Huh?
Get the ring.
too. yo.
Shit won't
come off. yo.
Drop him.
Ow!
Dennis:
You know the man
works for us.
You keep goin'
at him like that.
ain't gonna be nothing left of
him to make right what he owes.
Bitch got to pay.
Hey. yo.
check his pockets. yo.
Ha. ho. ho!
That's mine. yo.
Get the fuck off--
( buzzer )
Male on intercom:
... to security.
Was' up. baby.
( music )
Yo. man. I been
in here 26 months
and you come pick me up
in a motherfuckin' Ford?
I'm just
fuckin' with you.
I'm just fuckin'
with you.
Was' up. baby?
What up. man.
Man. I'm feeling real good
to be out of this motherfucker.
You know what?
There's a sign on the other
side of this gate that say
"never again".
And that's the only
fucking thing
I'm gonna take with me
from this place.
First thing first.
let's get you lookin' right.
You know
what I mean?
Oh. you got
my shit.
Aw. yes.
Yes!
Good looking. baby.
( music playing )
( crow squawking )
Start with
Sector One.
Bring as many as you can
down to the Vincent street area
by the end of shift.
Don't use your wagons.
Bring as many as
you can in your cars.
The hoppers
wouldn't listen.
What makes you think
these guys will?
These are...
the lieutenants
running the corners
and I personally
feel their pain.
Now. middle-management
means that you have
just enough responsibility
that you got to listen
when people talk.
and not so much that
you can tell anybody
to go fuck themselves.
( laughing )
( dog barking )
( radio chatter )
( rap music )
Look. my major
just wants to talk.
That's all. promise.
We'll bring
you right back.
Ain't gonna happen.
The fuck you say?
What the fuck you mean
it ain't going to happen?
Let me tell you something.
motherfucker.
We got orders to bring
your sorry ass down
the way for a sit down
with our boss.
Now we're prepared
to take you with us right now.
We can either do this
the easy way or...
Greggs:
Braindead fucks...
Male:
Hello.
Prez. it's me.
I think we got
a little situation here.
Stay with me.
ten-six...
Major wants the dickhead.
he gotta go.
I think he gets
a pass this time.
Herc:
You sure?
I mean. you want.
he goes.
Another time. Herc.
We're on the major's
clock here.
Don't forget the face.
cocksucker.
there's gonna
be a tomorrow.
You need me
to call dispatch?
No. it's okay.
I'll tell you later.
I say we get the troops.
and fuck these assholes up.
( camera click )
( grunting )
Come on.
let's go again.
C'mon. Tommy.
it's just a game.
Look. sounds like you
got what you want. anyway.
From the mayor.
I mean.
Yeah. well.
he's played me before.
but so help me.
if he farts
around on this.
I'm going after him.
Big time.
For real?
Trust me on this.
He keeps ducking me.
I'm going
to fuck him good.
That's the good part.
It's what I call
the carrot.
Now you move your people
into any designated area
I told you about
and you have immunity from
arrest and prosecution.
You're free
to make your drops.
collect what
needs collectin'.
and won't nobody
bother you.
You've got
my word on it.
What do you
get out of this?
Colvin:
That's a fair question.
I want to salvage what's still
worth salvagin' in my district.
And I can't do that with a bunch
of young hoppers runnin' around.
scarin' the hell
out of the decent people.
Now. these kids ain't
gonna listen to me.
but they will
listen to y'all.
Now. you tell them to move
down here and set-up shop
and they will.
So the way
I got it figured.
I motivate you.
and you motivate them.
Naw. this a trap.
No. you check
out the spot.
There ain't
no cameras.
ain't no microphones.
nothing.
Any cops you see going to be
down right on the perimeter.
Just to make sure
there's no violence.
And you watch.
you see if it don't
work out the way I say.
Nothin' personal
against you. Chief. but...
what happens
if we buck?
You remember
the carrot. right?
Well. if you choose
the stick instead.
you gonna feel that stick like
you ain't never felt before.
We gonna indict
every corner. every day.
I've got over 200 sworn
personnel and I plan to free up
every one of them to knock
every one of y'all down
they can.
If you're on a corner
in my district.
it ain't gonna be
about no humble.
it ain't gonna be about
no loitering charge.
nothing like that.
There gonna be some Biblical
shit happening to you on the way
to that motherfuckin'
jail wagon.
You understand me?
And while you're
buckin' the new system.
the smart ones among you.
gonna be down here.
makin' money
hand over fist.
So. think it over.
But I swear to God.
come Monday.
your world and mine
ain't gonna be the same.
I thought you said these
goddamn houses were vacant.
We must have missed her.
That's one more thing
I gotta do then.
( dog barking )
Little man.
up on "B" tier.
one of his boys
in the dormitory.
his brother's tight
with the girlfriend
of the boy that shot
that poh-leece.
Little man sayin'
if you sprung
the three of us.
we could get her talkin'.
you know. find the gun.
I'm hearin' the boy. Dink.
got that man's gun.
Now. I ain't sure yet if that
Dink be Dink-Dink or Inky Dink.
or maybe Fat Dink.
Then again.
it might be Flat Nose Dink.
No. wait.
nah. nah. that can't
be him. that Dink dead.
Next inmate:
Look. man.
I can help you.
but first you gotta get me out
from under these murder beefs.
How many murders
we talkin'?
Look. man. do it have
to be the cop's gun?
'cause if it's guns you want.
I can get you guns.
I remember this.
Sixth grade.
Mrs. Holley's
science class.
Box lunches.
Taste like shit.
You got somethin'
so important. man.
you can't go through
the proper channels?
Well. no.
I don't know.
I just figured if
I told anybody but you.
you might think
I'm ridin' the rock.
What makes me
think you ain't?
Yeah. right.
That's a good point.
Look. today. me.
Tuckie. little Mikey.
man. we all...
a bunch of us got
scooped up by the police.
Well. you shouldn't
sell drugs.
All right. all right.
Nah see. they didn't
take us to the station.
They took us down to the
bottom of Vincent street
where all the houses is boarded
up. and they let us out.
And then. on top
of all of that.
like the whole while they
were being all like...
decent and shit.
you know that
fucked me up.
And then the police chief.
he come out.
And this is the crazy part.
he say that he got it set up
so that we could sell stuff.
in certain spots.
and the police
won't bother us.
I know. I know.
It's fucked up.
but I just thought
you should know.
That's it?
Yeah. just that.
and the boy Marlo.
Yeah. I'm on it.
Yep.
( radio chatter )
2303 to K.G.A.
Have Foxtrot meet me
on six. Adam.
Male:
Foxtrot. ten-four.
2303 to Foxtrot.
Foxtrot. standing by.
It's a black Mercedes.
pulling out the lot.
Copy that.
we got the eyeball.
This here the spot?
'cause Tuckie says
we supposed
to set-up shop here.
Huh?
Hamsterdam.
Yeah. this is it.
Set-up anywhere inside where
we got the white flags.
Yo. I'm getting
ready to roll out.
You just got here.
what's wrong?
Ain't nobody
'round to buy.
Good point.
Man needs customers.
I'm sayin'...
Aw. no.
You can't make me.
I'm a sworn fucking
police officer.
Was' up. man.
You got that
bodybag still?
Uh-huh.
Two.
Male:
Narco!
Give it up.
motherfucker.
Money comes back.
right now.
Whoa. boss.
you fuckin' up. man.
You didn't even let me cop
'fore you snatch me up.
Is that some
fuckin' rule?
You call. we haul.
You clean?
Yeah. of course
I'm clean.
stupid ass rookie didn't
even give me a chance to cop.
Herc:
This corner's indicted.
You move over
to Vincent street
or we come back
with the bracelets.
( radio chatter )
( dialing )
McNulty:
What you got?
1011 me at Riggs
and Calhoun.
Despite unforeseen delays.
we will begin
an academy class
this January. which leaves us in
good shape for the coming year.
Thank you.
commissioner.
If the chair pleases.
I have a couple of questions.
Ah. commissioner.
I know you are aware
that a state's witness
in a recent city homicide
prosecution was killed.
We are treating that incident
with the highest priority.
Homicide has set-up
a task force.
and narcotics is working
the informant angle.
We have also asked both the
FBI and DEA For support.
It sounds like
a full-court press.
but you must admit.
it's a bit like closing the barn
door after the horse is out.
I mean. the shooting
of the boy on the lot
at Lake Clifton
high school
was a high-profile case
wasn't it. commissioner?
Commissioner :
Yes. it was.
And yet a key witness
in the case was allowed...
one moment...
Excuse me. commissioner.
but the chair was good enough
to remind me that you have
a pressing engagement.
So if it's all
right with you.
we can continue this
at a later date.
Meeting adjourned.
Did you see
Burrell sweat?
The man's collar
almost melted.
The hell got
into you?
You did. old buddy.
You did.
End of the line.
all out.
We got that
Rockefeller. yo.
We got that Rockefeller
over here. yo.
Over here we got that
rockefeller. yo.
What the fuck?
Yo. yo. we got
the rockefeller. yo.
We got that WMD
Right here. right here.
I hear the WMD
Is the bomb.
Give me two. yo.
WMD Right here.
right here.
Right here.
We got that
Rockefeller over here.
Yo!
We got that
Rockefeller. yo.
What do we got?
There's binoculars
on the floor.
Marlo making
a move?
Just watch.
Forget everythin'
the boy Bodie told you.
Forget the beatin'.
it ain't about that.
You smart. man.
I can see that.
I wanted you to choose
somewhere safe for us to speak.
But goddamn.
only bugs in this
motherfucker gonna have legs.
Now. I appreciate smart.
but you gotta know.
in this game. man.
it ain't enough.
You a student
of history?
You know this town had its
share of smart players. man?
Melvin. Little Will.
Big Head Brother.
Peanut. Warren.
All real smart. man.
real smart.
You know. soon as
their names rang out. bam.
the Feds was on them.
You know
what I mean?
The government they want you
to be organized. nah.
they want you scrimpin'
and scrapin'.
killin' each other on the
corners over some bullshit.
Not me.
That's why me
and Prop Joe.
we gettin' ready to put
this co-op together.
Different crews.
one package.
Best dope. best coke.
Share and
share alike.
I've been hearin'
'bout that.
You've been hearin'
'bout that?
That's good.
that's a start. right?
You know that Mercedes you
got ridin' out there. man.
you got that titled in your
aunt's name or some shit.
Now. when they come get you.
that straw purchase out there
gonna come bite you
in the ass. boy.
That's what's
they do.
Turn your money
against you.
Now. you I'm thinkin'
with the corners you got.
you close
to a mil. right?
I'm doin' all right.
You doing all right.
but all right ain't got you
a name on your crib. right?
Ain't got you a little spot
to wash that dirty money?
That's what
I'm offerin' you. man.
Come on. who's he
in there with?
I told you.
keep watchin'.
Did Bunk put you
up to this?
Tell you what. how about
a case of that PBR piss
you drink against a touch of the
Irish that he went out the back
and you're watching
that house for nothing.
Here comes
your nothing.
Whoa.
Oh ho ho ho.
I like my piss
in bottles.
Anyway you like.
darlin'.
Chris...
tell our people
to tool up.
I'm on it.
( dog barking )
I got that WMD.
got that WMD.
They got comfortable
with it pretty quick.
Yeah. it's like we ain't
even standing here.
The hoppers
call it "Hamsterdam."
Like from Amsterdam.
Hamsterdam. heh...
Male:
...are the use
of integrated math concepts
such as algebraic reasoning.
and number sines.
geometry and probability.
Female:
Very impressive.
Now what we try to do is
keep the class size under 10.
12 at the very most.
And there are
three levels?
Yes. so that if--
Sorry.
I'm Jim McNulty.
I'm runnin' a little late
because of work.
Mr. McNulty.
Um. I have some concerns about
the integrated math program.
In their
previous schools.
Michael took
introductory algebra.
but I understand
that this school
is doing something
different.
We are.
The integrated
math program--
Excuse me.
I'm thirsty.
can I get either of you
somethin' to drink?
The integrated math
program here consists...
Not much of a spread. but you
can't go wrong with crudité.
Crudity?
I'm sorry. you know.
I came straight from work
or I'd have changed.
No need to call
names. right?
What do you do. Mr...
I'm on the board
at Legg Mason.
Jim McNulty.
Legg Mason?
Either that or I'm a cop
in the city. I keep forgetting.
Terri d'Agostino.
I'm an alumna
and one of the school's
dreaded fundraisers.
Male:
The math program offers
tutoring possibilities.
So if Michael finds it
difficult adjusting.
we can have classes
on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
So how do you
find the school?
It's good.
My ex and I are thinking
of sending our boys here.
Any problems.
difficulties?
No. not really.
I mean. there's the math
integration class.
for my oldest.
He's in sixth.
seventh. and...
I'm not sure he's ready.
you know. for all that math.
Ow!
Careful. I'm only
a country boy.
Shut up!
( music playing )
Female:
Hey. sweetie.
welcome home.
Welcome back.
Hey. Sis.
Aw. man.
I just wish I wasn't the only
one comin' home. you know?
I know.
Enjoy tonight.
we'll talk later.
Welcome home.
What up. prop.
how you feelin'. man?
All right .
You lookin' fit.
Hell. yeah. I've been
working out in there.
All you gotta do
is work out.
Might be a good place for a fat
man to find his inner-self.
Yo.
I got some downtown suits wanna
holler with you real quick.
Takin' me to see suits.
I'm tryin' to see some skirts.
So what do you do?
You should
get dressed.
I got a lot
of work here.
It's a long day
for me tomorrow.
I'll be really quiet.
You never know. you might
get bored workin'.
I gotta work.
You gotta go...
what Stringer's done with
all that property downtown.
Avon. I cannot tell the kind
of profit you're looking at
once all the federal
redevelopment money lands.
That whole Howard Street
thing is gonna take off
and you're gonna be right
there to cut the pie yourself.
Any dollar
you spend now
is going to come back
to you ten times.
And the thing is...
I know you don't wanna
go back to them streets.
Not after what
you been through.
I know. because I'm from
those same streets.
And once I had the chance
to play a different game.
there wasn't a question
in my mind how to go.
The government is going to be
looking at you hard. too.
No sense in giving them
what they're looking for.
You take what you have.
you build on it.
It's all good.
Just put it up
on the calendar.
We should meet.
Yo. Slim.
You see the two niggas
right there.
They over here gettin' high
in the middle of all this...
Where the fucking
discipline at. yo?
Fuck. toss
them niggers.
Talk to me
for a second.
Don't you know not
to stare at me like that.
Yo.
I got to show you
something.
Pardon me.
sweetie.
Hey. yo. man.
You know I've
been locked down.
You gonna love this.
Trust me.
Oh. okay.
Hm-hmm.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Ah. shit. this ain't
my little place down in Jessup.
But you know what I mean.
what the fuck is. right?
This is all you. B.
All you.
in your name. too.
You know what
I mean?
This piece of paper right
here makes it legit.
Keys to the Navigator
in the basement.
It's just a rental 'til
you pick out somethin' nice.
Damn. all this. huh?
You did good.
Yeah. I mean we're makin'
so much straight money. man.
we can carry shit like this out
in the open. in our own names.
Yo. you remember when
we used to sit on the top
of 734 buildin'. man?
Lookin' at the city.
talk about what we goin' do?
And you was all heavy into
that black pride bullshit.
talkin' about you gonna
get you two grocery stores.
make motherfuckers proud.
Sure was. man. you was out
huntin' on a AK-47.
Talkin' about
how "I'm gonna get Warren."
( laughing )
Man...
Yeah.
We brothers. B.
Always. baby.
Always.
Hey. just one
more thing. man.
I don't mean to be pickin'
with you about this...
but. especially not after
you did all this shit for me.
but. look. man.
I've been locked down.
You know
what I mean?
Yeah. um.
you know what?
I got take this meet.
you know?
I'm gonna get at you.
Welcome home. man.
( knocking )
Stinger:
Hey. yo. it's me. man.
I left somethin'.
( whispering )
Aw. shit. my man.